The more recent history of emerging markets has also tested plenty of stomachs. Within days of Donald Trump’s election victory his populist promises raised American bond yields, sending the price of emerging-market’s assets the other way. Trading parteners winced at his tweets threatening American companies planning to shift thier production abroad. This “Trump Tantrum” appeared to be the lastest in a grim sequence of setbacks for emerging markets. It followed China’s botched devaluation of the yuan in 2015, the collapse in oil and iron-ore prices in 2014 and the “taper tantrum” in 2013, when mere talk of a slowdown in asset purchases by America’s Federal Reserve threw emerging markets into turmoil.The Trump tantrum came on the top of political risks arising in emerging markets themselves, including Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the Philippines’ war on drugs, a successful coup in Thailand in 2014 and a failed one in Turkey in 2016, the removal of an unpopular president in Brazil for a fiscal misdemeanour, and the survival of embattled rulers in South Africa and Malaysia. Higher exports have helped lift GDP. In the first half of 2017 the four biggest emerging economies(Brazil, Russia, India,China,known as the BRICS) all grew simultaneously for the first time in three years. Emerging-market growth still cannot match that in the miracle years of 2003-2006, but it has been equally broad. So far 21 of the 24 countries in the MSCI emerging-markets index, the most popular stockmarket benchmark, have reported GDP figures for the second quarter of this year, and all of them were up on the previous quarter. Not since 2009 has growth been positive in every member that publishes quarter-on-quarter numbers. This improvement in emerging-market growth has been accompanied by renewed enthusiasm for thier currencies, bonds and shares. In August these currencies recorded their ninth month in a row of capital inflows from portfolio investors, the longest streaks since 2014, according to the Institute of International Finance. An index of emerging-market exchange rates compiled by MSCI has risen by 14% since 2011. Even ill-favoured currencies such as the Russian rouble, Mexican peso and Chinese yuan have defied their doubters, strengthening against the dollar this year.